hello welcome back to another video I
hope you having a lovely day so far I am
so excited for this video because this
is probably the biggest feature 5 done
in the longest time and that is because
my birthday's coming up next weekend and
I wanted to do like a humongous like
party food shop but relatively you know
it healthy ish and so I picked up loads
of stuff that I haven't ever tried
before but it sounded amazing and I've
got everything from a card oh and they
have like the best selection and so yeah
it's want me to show you what I've
picked up before you do that if you
could hit me with a light I really
appreciate it and we've got Mason
filming Oh
so starting over here is the Coke Zero
section you guys must know by now how
much I love Coke Zero this is me like a
lockdown obsession that it's just to
come from nowhere and so you have picked
up a can of venom I saw these twisted
strawberry diet coats and I thought
these would be a really nice mixer I'm
having like a little barbecue type thing
so I've got those and I just want to try
them anyway and then I saw these and
some what was it a how to pronounce it
some degree lemonade and either really
nice I always have reason holiday so it
brings in holiday vibes I also got them
in the orange I'm gonna have these I've
seen the finish filming this video
actually one of these orange Jordans
and see here so that's some of the
drinks and then oh we're gonna have so
much to Kali for our hot fries I used to
have these I smoked so much
it was probably beginning of this year
and I've just completely forgot about
them they're really really quick to
cooking oven and 13 hashbrown 162
calories not bad macros and yeah made
from a cauliflower
two packs of foes also saw these kale
and klonoa burgers these are actually
lower power than the qualified ones try
buying it
I have tried these I feel like they'll
be nice though if this brand it's tough
it's so tasty I think I heard anywhere
else are these in my car though and then
some spinach fries
these are just nice little alternatives
you know - like nibbles just like yeah
just different kind of nibbles rather
than stuff like just packed with rubbish
to be honest so yeah oh I forgot this
elderflower tonic which is so nice
really nice in June well I've got to go
to the second X because this is my
favorite section pick up some of these
lentil chips I have these all the time
they're so nice especially little like
dip mamas is really easy to make her
home by the way like you just we only
discovered this a few months ago but you
literally just put like a tin of
chickpeas in a blender add some spicy
like put in lemon a little bit of oil
and pretty much it so yeah that's pretty
nice and then for some barbecue pop
chips I thought these would be nice to
like put out also some sea salt and
black super hot chips and look this
wraps have some Verity yeah they're so
peanut this brand now I remember on
these first came back since then of
course some more corn things haven't
actually got these in quite a while
these little snack packs sweet and salty
popcorn now what I like about these I
have probably mentioned before is that
you don't end up eating the whole thing
like you know these last two minutes
whereas at least these are in little
like mini packs so you don't have to eat
them all in one go maybe that's just me
let me know in the comments and you know
eat the whole bag like that no that
one's but it goes so quick and and then
more snacks I saw these this one is
about online shopping as well like you
just see stuff that what I've never
tried these before and I just had to put
them in the basket
I'm not basket but you know it's not
online basket shopping car shopping
carts and these haagen-dazs mango and
raspberry like look at those what are
the macros to are quite high macros but
it's my birthday week like
you know 238 calories per one but they
look delightful I will let you know how
these are then my usual these are
gluten-free plain bagels they're not as
nice as normal variables to be honest
but I do feel like they're bigger some
pizza bread so these are stone baked
again gluten free dairy free wheat free
all of that yeah they're really quite
nice actually can't really taste the
difference for a baby's death can and so
yeah and then it's some more almond milk
and lactose free milk I use this in my
cups of tea I cannot drink like almond
milk in tea or coffee
it just doesn't it's just not working so
yeah that's me four cups of tea do you
agree this yeah much nicer I think it's
sweeter oh yeah lots of free milk and
then I just have to stock up on some
lentils red kidney beans some chopped
pineapple slices I'm thinking of making
like surprising so see if you can guess
well the combination of these yeah what
do you think I am going to make it I
don't know if that's usable fair DOS
perfect
and so yeah I absolutely love coconut
milk we haven't had this since I have
already and so yeah it's a really nice
combo that I might that takes me that X
Factor holiday as you can tell I just
want to be abroad right now and so yeah
just all some lentils and stuff I love
just adding these into rice so I've been
make you know like rice and bean rice
and pea person being combo by next okay
stuff for the barbecue don't turn
barbecue drumsticks cannot go wrong with
this this is a nice big portion and
really good value for your pennies and
then these from absolute for reduced fat
burgers we have been getting these for
legitimately tea won't sound like for
usually we've like your reduced fat
burgers they're not a succulent and
whereas these ones and really quite
juicy and you don't go all dry you know
like sometimes when you get reduced me
it just doesn't taste right but these
highly recommend and they're 2 pounds 28
then ice on the barbecue - next up is
some barbecue grilled chicken burgers I
got from a couple Accardo these are
really thick actually I haven't tried
these before but I really do like
chicken burgers at the moment if you're
feeling like getting a bit too much me
or anything I would recommend just
swapping out your beef burgers to some
chicken ones these are 160 calories and
per burger which they're pretty decent
actually so yeah these are reduced fat
on there yeah yes I want to eat this
burger a hundred and fifty eight cows
and this one looks actually thicker and
it's a chicken one
so yeah generally chicken doesn't seem
to be a little less loose a lot less I
get slightly lower fat sometimes I
brought some more chicken breast
phyllis and just for this week really
like to put in my dishes and yeah
chicken breast
is definitely that leaner than your
drumsticks and everything and then some
occasion chicken breast bags to put
these looks so nicely seasoned I do
quite like getting meat that's already
seasons and it just saves time
especially if you like barbecuing you
just throw it on the barbie then my
voice is actually going and then a large
array while look it I love rocket salad
that's my all-time and these first salad
it's got a little bits of chopped
beetroot in I try and have as much as
these as like I try and make sure I have
like one packet of either day really
like they're just nice to bump up meal
especially if you're feeling hungry area
certainly then got some mint as well for
like many cooking but I was thinking of
making like a mojito or something and
like some at the cocktail party then I
dropped some avocado and you've got one
avocado but this is absolutely huge from
avocado from Picardo and they're really
good quality that I really like the
fruit and bread veg from the car it
always laughs quite wild I got some more
lemon lime and I've been cooking a lot
more with these juice they're always
thinking of sometimes nice to write you
know everything a little bit tangy and
then some more lemon juices where did
you want me to get me for it yeah some
more carrots these are what maintains
Trump no like we make on these
oh is it chunky and so yeah that is all
that and then with this is actually a
very limited collection and cottage
cheese normally there's like stacks on
stacks on stacks of this stuff so yeah
this is nice to see it normally I can
unhealthy
cottage cheese we've been trying to like
limit to area list or it got out
handedness yeah
and then just for more onions just to
mention I really really like having only
insight makes and I would just been
having this with everything like we've
been mainly eating a lot of them heck
sausages for lunch and stuff and then
just by adding some money into that
everything makes all the difference so
it just makes it taste so much nice but
it's the only brush means like your
breath that's it and then just some
large eggs I might do some baking the
tweak so mainly ease into that unused
like the egg whites and stir so yeah
that is pretty much all of that we did
have a lot of like meeting from the last
month of food order so this is just like
specifically like Part III if you like
and lastly I just thought of take you
over to the alcohol section we don't
normally like buy that much to be really
don't drink that often and obviously
it's my birthday and stuff so we just
got some of our faith pigs and it's
quite cool to see like there's so many
more like slimline brands like an
alcohol and stuff but this is like a
skinny premium lager this is not for me
but I just thought someone might like
that and with a barbecue thing and then
I've got Mason's favourite room which is
mount mount gay know how does for you
when I'm in right sizing Bob able trip
yeah
and then just some sweet Zinfandel Rose
a absolutely love this and and then so
they never tried this vodka passion
fruit flavor before that is just bound
to be really really nice so yeah looking
forward to trying that and then in terms
of like mixes so if you're someone who I
get quite a few questions at one of my
recent fitness Q&A video and I didn't
have someone message asking about like
oh do you drink on birthdays or like a
special occasions she listened hmm okay
good time
so yeah in terms of like special
occasions stuff just you know eat the
cake and it's one day of the year
exclude is not going to hinder all your
progress but where you can like just
make little swaps like rather than get
in
and like just full sugar lemonade just
swat-bots women that just what before
zero sugar lemonade and just so you save
a lot of calories just by this she doing
that and I actually really like the zero
sugar and so I've got two big things of
the shrimp and there that I've got some
party cups and little pink ones happy at
least you should have got more of these
really and some little white one you see
who had disposable great and there were
also some little shot glasses
which is really cute every night look
pink see I'm really excited for my
little bigger thing and also two packs
of water these can be good for any nut
hangovers you know I'm so yeah that is
everything other than some toilet roll I
guess you don't love to see that really
recommend the luxury crisp one but yeah
I really hope that is helpful and like
they there's just little swaps like the
beef burgers and stuff and but if you
are in like a weight loss phase or just
trying to make more you sort of meals
these are really good little hats and
stuff anyway yeah I really hope you
enjoyed this video if you haven't
already I'd love you to stick around buy
it subscribe to my channel and I'll see
you guys in the next video
[Music]